Recreate Docker setup for contributors to be more up to date and robust (#401)
godotengine/godot-website: README.md

# Godot Website

> This repository contains the theme and plugins used by the Godot Engine's

Reviewer: Looks like the repo no longer contains the plugins

Author: Ah yes, fair enough

### Dependencies

This project requires the following stack:

- PHP 7.2+ & Composer 2
- MySQL/MariaDB
- OctoberCMS/WinterCMS v1.0.xxx

> There are also some linting tools that can be run locally that require Node.JS.

Reviewer 2: Node.js has lowercase "js":

```suggestion
There are also some linting tools that can be run locally that require Node.js.
```

> This project comes with a [Docker](https://docker.com) setup that can be used to quickly
> create a network of compatible containers. Using this setup you can have a local copy of
> the project, sans the production database. For the development purposes you don't need
> that database, as the only thing that is specific to production is blog posts, which can
> be easily recreated, if required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project comes with a [Docker](https://docker.com) setup that can be used to quickly
create a network of compatible containers. Using this setup, you can have a local copy of
the project, without the production database. For development purposes, you don't need
that database, as the only thing that is specific to production is blog posts, which can
be easily recreated if required.
```

### Local setup

While it is possible to configure a local environment manually,
we recommend using the provided Docker setup.

- Clone this repository.
- If you have a database dump, put it into the `./docker/mariadb/init` folder.
  - Make sure that your script starts with the line `USE october;` and that the file extension is `.sql`.
  - Every `.sql` and `.sh` file from that directory will be automatically executed when building the container.
- Using a terminal, or another command-line environment, go to the `./docker` folder and execute the following command.
  - You can replace `"godot-website"` with anything else to help you identify this project in your Docker manager.

>   - In future you can use the `./docker/restart.sh` script to rebuild containers.

Reviewer: small stuff
```suggestion
  - In the future you can use the `./docker/restart.sh` script to rebuild containers.
```

>   - In the future you can use the `./docker/restart.sh` script to rebuild containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - In the future, you can use the `./docker/restart.sh` script to rebuild containers.
```

```
docker-compose -p "godot-website" up --build -d --force-recreate
```

The script will take a couple of minutes to run the first time. After the

> build it done the containers will automatically start and perform their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
build is done the containers will automatically start and perform their
```

> The script will take a couple of minutes to run the first time. After the
> build is done the containers will automatically start and perform their
> first time setup. Check the logs of the `godotengine-org--php` container,
> as it takes more time to finish. You will see the following line in the
> logs when it is done:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script will take a couple of minutes to run the first time. After the
build is done, the containers will automatically start and perform their
first time setup. Check the logs of the `godotengine-org--php` container,
as it takes more time to finish. You will see the following line in the
logs when it's done:
```

> Godot Website is READY to use!

See the website at [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080). The control
panel is located at [http://localhost:8080/backend](http://localhost:8080/backend).
The default admin account is `admin/admin`.

### Interfacing with Docker containers

You can use the standard syntax to either execute a shell script or connect
to the running container:

```
# Execute shell command.
docker exec -it godotengine-org--[php|mariadb] [command]
# Connect to a remote shell.
docker exec -it godotengine-org--[php|mariadb] /bin/bash
```

> There are several shell scripts that come with the project, that may be useful
> when developing (assuming you're running a Unix-based system):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several shell scripts that come with the project, that may be useful
when developing (assuming you're running Linux or macOS):
```
